BD-5025: Clarifying supported data types for upload methods (#10366)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/catalog.md

### Method 1: Upload CSV

> Supported data types for uploading a CSV file include: string, integer, float, boolean, or or date/time.

Reviewer: I believe this should be `datetime` not `date/time`
```suggestion
Supported data types for uploading a CSV file include: string, integer, float, boolean, or datetime.
```

As you build more catalogs, you can also use the [List catalogs endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/catalogs/catalog_management/synchronous/get_list_catalogs/) to return a list of the catalogs in a workspace.

> Supported data types for using API include: string, integer, float, boolean, or or date/time. You can also upload arrays and objects when managing your catalogs with the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported data types for using API include: string, integer, float, boolean, or datetime. You can also upload arrays and objects when managing your catalogs with the API.
```
